---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wireguard_config_document Data Source - terraform-provider-wireguard"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A WireGuard configuration document.
---

# wireguard_config_document (Data Source)

A WireGuard configuration document.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "wireguard_config_document" "peer1" {
  private_key = wireguard_asymmetric_key.peer1.private_key
  listen_port = 1234
  dns = [
    "1.1.1.1",
    "1.0.0.1",
    "2606:4700:4700:0:0:0:0:64",
    "2606:4700:4700:0:0:0:0:6400",
  ]
  routing_table = "123"

  peer {
    public_key    = wireguard_asymmetric_key.peer2.public_key
    preshared_key = wireguard_preshared_key.peer2.key
    allowed_ips = [
      "0.0.0.0/0",
    ]
    persistent_keepalive = 25
  }

  peer {
    public_key = wireguard_asymmetric_key.peer3.public_key
    endpoint   = "example.com:51820"
    allowed_ips = [
      "::/0",
    ]
  }
}

output "peer1" {
  value     = data.wireguard_config_document.peer1.conf
  sensitive = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `private_key` (String) The base64 private key for this peer's interface.

### Optional

- `addresses` (Set of String) IPs (or CIDR) to be assigned to the interface. (`wg-quick`/apps only.)
- `dns` (Set of String) IPs or hostnames of Domain Name Servers to set as the interface's DNS search domains. (`wg-quick`/apps only.)
- `firewall_mark` (String) A 32-bit fwmark for outgoing packets.
- `listen_port` (Number) .
- `mtu` (Number) Manual MTU to override automatic discovery. (`wg-quick`/apps only.)
- `peer` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--peer))
- `post_down` (List of String) Scripts to run before tearing down the interface. (`wg-quick`/apps only.)
- `post_up` (List of String) Scripts to run after setting up the interface. (`wg-quick`/apps only.)
- `pre_down` (List of String) Scripts to run before tearing down the interface. (`wg-quick`/apps only.)
- `pre_up` (List of String) Script to run before setting up the interface. (`wg-quick`/apps only.)
- `routing_table` (String) Controls the routing table (or "off") to which routes are added. (`wg-quick`/apps only.)

### Read-Only

- `conf` (String, Sensitive) The rendered config document.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--peer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `peer`

Required:

- `public_key` (String) The base64 public key for this peer.

Optional:

- `allowed_ips` (List of String) IPs (or CIDR) allowed for traffic to/from this peer.
- `endpoint` (String) An endpoint IP:port or hostname:port at which this peer can be reached initially.
- `persistent_keepalive` (Number) Period in seconds (or "off") after which to ping the peer to keep a stateful firewall or NAT mapping valid.
- `preshared_key` (String) A base64 preshared key from this peer.


